What category is associated
with the most movie?
So this is kinda flipping
the question on its head, right.
So we're gonna say SELECT.
C.name, COUNT MK.category_ id,
there's a bunch of things
you could account at that was just gonna
make the most sense to me as count.
So we actually don't even have
to join the movies here, right,
because we don't actually
need the movie names at all.
We just need to know how
many connections that have,
which movie keywords is more
than enough to tell us that.
So we're gonna say from
movie_keywords mk ,INNER
JOIN, categories c.
ON, c.id = mk.category_id.
GROUP BY.
C.name, mk.category_id.
ORDER BY,
again count will never be NULL, so
we don't have to worry about NULLS last or
anything like that.
Doesn't hurt to put it here.
Probably incurs a little bit of
extra work on postgreSQL part, but
doesn't actually really matter.
LIMIT 10 or something like that.
All right, so let's take a look and
see if we get back, and he gets some,
I think most these are German because
most of the keywords I checked were
either in English or in German.
Unsurprising, Falling in Love associated
with basically every movie ever.
>> It's on the list twice?
>> Yeah, it is, isn't it?
I would bet you is cuz they're
in different languages.
So you could put a WHERE in here.
And thus we go here WHERE, and they gotta
remember categories has a relationship or
not sorry, not the categories.
Name, route_id, parent_id,
so you might have to.
Describe movie keywords.
Okay, one of these tables you can
eventually join to that will tell you what
language something is in, right.
And then you can limit it
down to like English and
I started writing the query and
it took like a couple more hops.
I was like I don't wanna make people write
this because I don't wanna write it and so
we stopped here.
So, for now, it's sufficient to say that
we have a bunch of German keywords in here
that's fine.
But all those father son relationship
movies such as, great, or killer movies.
So, a lot of killer movies.
Okay, any questions about this query?
>> No but I will say that I messed up at
first because I didn't put the GROUP BY on
the mk category_id, and
that put Falling in Love together.
>> See this is a reason why
you'd learn to do that.
>> So, pitfall.
>> But let's try.
>> The first keyword on that list
means assassination or murder.
>> Nice.
>> So there's more,
we're killing the [INAUDIBLE].
>> More killing.
Nice, except not nice.
Let's clear every here, here we go.
That's why it's useful to BROUP BY,
because you can see her Fall in Love
obviously jumps way up here.
Because you probably have a bunch of
movies that have Falling in Love English,
Falling in Love French or something like
that or Falling in Love German,
it's probably German if being honest.
As combining those into one,
which makes Falling in Love looks
like there's a lot more of it, right.
But it's probably double counting
a bunch of those connections.
That's a guess, by the way,
I don't actually know [LAUGH].
There's ways you could read that query
to exclude it where it's pointing to
the same movie as well.
What do you think, how is this,
was this a useful exercise?
Stretch your brain a little bit to
figure out how to write some queries.
This is a honestly my favorite part
about writing queries is like,
having a question and
then using SQL to solve it.
That feedback cycle is like the most
fun part about data for me personally.